Document new Transit Envelope Encryption (#1809)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/vault/v2.x (rc)/content/docs/commands/transit/envelope.mdx

---
layout: docs
page_title: transit envelope - Commands
description: |-
  The "transit envelope encrypt" and "transit envelope decrypt" commands 
  facilitate the encryption and decryption of files and streams client side.
  "transit envelope header" displays an encrypted file header.
---

# transit envelope

The `transit envelope` commands use Vault Transit (Enterprise) to create
envelope encryption keys that the command uses to encrypt and decrypt
files and streams of arbitrary size without transiting the plaintext to

> Vault.  All encryption and decryption happens on the caller's side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

@include '../../../global/partials/alerts/enterprise-only.mdx'

The `transit envelope` commands uses the Transit plugin to create envelope
encryption keys and encrypt/decrypt files or streams of arbitrary size without
reading the plaintext in Vault.  All encryption and decryption happens on the
caller side.
```
Style correction: avoid possessives, use enterprise alerts for enterprise-only features

The caller must have write permissions to the transit mount's `datakeys` and 
`derivedkeys` endpoints to generate DEK/EDK pairs.

## Examples

Encrypt a multi-terabyte file using `envelope encrypt`:

```
$ vault transit envelope encrypt transit/keys/test-key really-big-file.zip
```

> Decrypt the result, saving the output in a second file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Decrypt the result and save the output in a second file:
```
Style correction: use declarative language/avoid "ing" verbs when possible
